articles/app-service-web/web-sites-traffic-manager-custom-domain-name.md, before:

<properties
	pageTitle="Configure a custom domain name for a web app in Azure App Service that uses Traffic Manager for load balancing."
	description="Use a custom domain name for an a web app in Azure App Service that includes Traffic Manager for load balancing."
	services="app-service\web"
	documentationCenter=""
	authors="rmcmurray"
	manager="wpickett"
	editor=""/>

<tags
	ms.service="app-service-web"
	ms.workload="web"
	ms.tgt_pltfrm="na"
	ms.devlang="na"
	ms.topic="article"
	ms.date="07/07/2016"
	ms.author="robmcm"/>

# Configuring a custom domain name for a web app in Azure App Service using Traffic Manager

[AZURE.INCLUDE [web-selector](../../includes/websites-custom-domain-selector.md)]

[AZURE.INCLUDE [intro](../../includes/custom-dns-web-site-intro-traffic-manager.md)]

This article provides generic instructions for using a custom domain name with Azure App Service that use Traffic Manager for load balancing.

[AZURE.INCLUDE [tmwebsitefooter](../../includes/custom-dns-web-site-traffic-manager-notes.md)]

[AZURE.INCLUDE [introfooter](../../includes/custom-dns-web-site-intro-notes.md)]

<a name="understanding-records"></a>
## Understanding DNS records

[AZURE.INCLUDE [understandingdns](../../includes/custom-dns-web-site-understanding-dns-traffic-manager.md)]

<a name="bkmk_configsharedmode"></a>
## Configure your web apps for standard mode

[AZURE.INCLUDE [modes](../../includes/custom-dns-web-site-modes-traffic-manager.md)]

<a name="bkmk_configurecname"></a>
## Add a DNS record for your custom domain

> [AZURE.NOTE] If you have purchased domain through Azure App Service Web Apps then skip following steps and refer to the final step of [Buy Domain for Web Apps](custom-dns-web-site-buydomains-web-app.md) article.

To associate your custom domain with a web app in Azure App Service, you must add a new entry in the DNS table for your custom domain by using tools provided by the domain registrar that you purchased your domain name from. Use the following steps to locate and use the DNS tools.

1. Sign in to your account at your domain registrar, and look for a page for managing DNS records. Look for links or areas of the site labeled as **Domain Name**, **DNS**, or **Name Server Management**. Often a link to this page can be found be viewing your account information, and then looking for a link such as **My domains**.

1. Once you have found the management page for your domain name, look for a link that allows you to edit the DNS records. This might be listed as a **Zone file**, **DNS Records**, or as an **Advanced** configuration link.

	* The page will most likely have a few records already created, such as an entry associating '**@**' or '\*' with a 'domain parking' page. It may also contain records for common sub-domains such as **www**.
	* The page will mention **CNAME records**, or provide a drop-down to select a record type. It may also mention other records such as **A records** and **MX records**. In some cases, CNAME records will be called by other names such as an **Alias Record**.
	* The page will also have fields that allow you to **map** from a **Host name** or **Domain name** to another domain name.

1. While the specifics of each registrar vary, in general you map *from* your custom domain name (such as **contoso.com**,) *to* the Traffic Manager domain name (**contoso.trafficmanager.net**) that is used for your web app.

> [AZURE.NOTE] Alternatively, if a record is already in use and you need to preemptively bind your apps to it, map **awverify.contoso.com** to **contoso.trafficmanager.net**.

1. Once you have finished adding or modifying DNS records at your registrar, save the changes.

<a name="enabledomain"></a>
## Enable Traffic Manager

[AZURE.INCLUDE [modes](../../includes/custom-dns-web-site-enable-on-traffic-manager.md)]

## Next steps

For more information, see the [Node.js Developer Center](/develop/nodejs/).

[AZURE.INCLUDE [app-service-web-whats-changed](../../includes/app-service-web-whats-changed.md)]

[AZURE.INCLUDE [app-service-web-try-app-service](../../includes/app-service-web-try-app-service.md)]

Commit message:

Updating a note on using AWVERIFY records
I tested this with a customer, but the note on using AWVERIFY records is confusing. Since Traffic Manager does not allow for the root domain to be mapped to it, having an example saying "create an awverify record from 'awverify.contoso.com' to 'contoso.trafficmanager.net' is confusing. I updated it to show an example of preemptively binding the www subdomain to a web app.

articles/app-service-web/web-sites-traffic-manager-custom-domain-name.md, after:

<properties
	pageTitle="Configure a custom domain name for a web app in Azure App Service that uses Traffic Manager for load balancing."
	description="Use a custom domain name for an a web app in Azure App Service that includes Traffic Manager for load balancing."
	services="app-service\web"
	documentationCenter=""
	authors="rmcmurray"
	manager="wpickett"
	editor=""/>

<tags
	ms.service="app-service-web"
	ms.workload="web"
	ms.tgt_pltfrm="na"
	ms.devlang="na"
	ms.topic="article"
	ms.date="07/07/2016"
	ms.author="robmcm"/>

# Configuring a custom domain name for a web app in Azure App Service using Traffic Manager

[AZURE.INCLUDE [web-selector](../../includes/websites-custom-domain-selector.md)]

[AZURE.INCLUDE [intro](../../includes/custom-dns-web-site-intro-traffic-manager.md)]

This article provides generic instructions for using a custom domain name with Azure App Service that use Traffic Manager for load balancing.

[AZURE.INCLUDE [tmwebsitefooter](../../includes/custom-dns-web-site-traffic-manager-notes.md)]

[AZURE.INCLUDE [introfooter](../../includes/custom-dns-web-site-intro-notes.md)]

<a name="understanding-records"></a>
## Understanding DNS records

[AZURE.INCLUDE [understandingdns](../../includes/custom-dns-web-site-understanding-dns-traffic-manager.md)]

<a name="bkmk_configsharedmode"></a>
## Configure your web apps for standard mode

[AZURE.INCLUDE [modes](../../includes/custom-dns-web-site-modes-traffic-manager.md)]

<a name="bkmk_configurecname"></a>
## Add a DNS record for your custom domain

> [AZURE.NOTE] If you have purchased domain through Azure App Service Web Apps then skip following steps and refer to the final step of [Buy Domain for Web Apps](custom-dns-web-site-buydomains-web-app.md) article.

To associate your custom domain with a web app in Azure App Service, you must add a new entry in the DNS table for your custom domain by using tools provided by the domain registrar that you purchased your domain name from. Use the following steps to locate and use the DNS tools.

1. Sign in to your account at your domain registrar, and look for a page for managing DNS records. Look for links or areas of the site labeled as **Domain Name**, **DNS**, or **Name Server Management**. Often a link to this page can be found be viewing your account information, and then looking for a link such as **My domains**.

1. Once you have found the management page for your domain name, look for a link that allows you to edit the DNS records. This might be listed as a **Zone file**, **DNS Records**, or as an **Advanced** configuration link.

	* The page will most likely have a few records already created, such as an entry associating '**@**' or '\*' with a 'domain parking' page. It may also contain records for common sub-domains such as **www**.
	* The page will mention **CNAME records**, or provide a drop-down to select a record type. It may also mention other records such as **A records** and **MX records**. In some cases, CNAME records will be called by other names such as an **Alias Record**.
	* The page will also have fields that allow you to **map** from a **Host name** or **Domain name** to another domain name.

1. While the specifics of each registrar vary, in general you map *from* your custom domain name (such as **contoso.com**,) *to* the Traffic Manager domain name (**contoso.trafficmanager.net**) that is used for your web app.

> [AZURE.NOTE] Alternatively, if a record is already in use and you need to preemptively bind your apps to it. For example, to preemptively bind www.contoso.com to your web app, create a CNAME record from **awverify.www** to **contoso.trafficmanager.net**. You can then add "www.contoso.com" to the Web App without changing the "www" CNAME record.

1. Once you have finished adding or modifying DNS records at your registrar, save the changes.

<a name="enabledomain"></a>
## Enable Traffic Manager

[AZURE.INCLUDE [modes](../../includes/custom-dns-web-site-enable-on-traffic-manager.md)]

## Next steps

For more information, see the [Node.js Developer Center](/develop/nodejs/).

[AZURE.INCLUDE [app-service-web-whats-changed](../../includes/app-service-web-whats-changed.md)]

[AZURE.INCLUDE [app-service-web-try-app-service](../../includes/app-service-web-try-app-service.md)]
